# geotrigger_golang
    import "github.com/geoloqi/geotrigger_golang"

Package geotrigger_golang provides API access to the Geotrigger Service,
a cloud based system of geofencing and push notifications. The library
makes it easier to interact with the Geotrigger API as either a Device or
an Application. This assumes you have a developer account on
developers.arcgis.com, from which you can create an Application and obtain
the necessary credentials to use with this golang library.

For more information about the Geotrigger Service, please look [here](https://developers.arcgis.com/en/geotrigger-service/).

Documentation for this library can be found on [github](https://github.com/Esri/geotrigger_golang) and [godoc.org](http://godoc.org/).









## func GetValueFromJSONArray
<pre>func GetValueFromJSONArray(jsonArray []interface{}, index int, value interface{}) error</pre>
A helpful method for unpacking values out of arbitrary JSON arrays.
`value` should be a pointer to a value of the type you expect to retrieve.
Inner objects are of type `map[string]interface{}`.
Inner arrays are of type `[]interface{}`.
You can pass down a pointer to an `interface{}`, but then you are really better
off not using these helpers, as they use reflection to try and match types.






## func GetValueFromJSONObject
<pre>func GetValueFromJSONObject(jsonObject map[string]interface{}, key string, value interface{}) error</pre>
A helpful method for unpacking values out of arbitrary JSON objects.
`value` should be a pointer to a value of the type you expect to retrieve.
Inner objects are of type `map[string]interface{}`.
Inner arrays are of type `[]interface{}`.
You can pass down a pointer to an `interface{}`, but then you are really better
off not using these helpers, as they use reflection to try and match types.







## type Client
<pre>type Client struct {
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}</pre>
The client manages credentials for an ArcGIS Application or Device based on what you pass in to the
provided constructors.

Make API requests with the "Request" method. Get info about the current session with the
"Info" method.

This is the type you should use directly for interacting with the Geotrigger API.











### func ExistingDevice

    func ExistingDevice(clientId string, deviceId string, accessToken string, expiresIn int64, refreshToken string) *Client

Inflate a client using existing device tokens and credentials obtained elsewhere.

Provided primarily as a way of debugging an active mobile install.





### func NewApplication

    func NewApplication(clientId string, clientSecret string) (*Client, error)

Create and register a new application associated with the provided client_id
and client_secret.





### func NewDevice

    func NewDevice(clientId string) (*Client, error)

Create and register a new device associated with the provided client_id.







### func (\*Client) Info

    func (client *Client) Info() map[string]string

Get info about the current session.

If this is an application session, the following keys will be present: `access_token`, `client_id`, `client_secret`.

If this is a device session, the following keys will be present: `access_token`, `refresh_token`, `device_id`, `client_id`.






### func (\*Client) Request

    func (client *Client) Request(route string, params map[string]interface{}, response interface{}) error

The method to use for making requests!

`response` can be a pointer to a struct modeling the expected JSON, or to an arbitrary JSON map (map[string]interface{})
that can then be used with the helper methods `GetValueFromJSONObject` and `GetValueFromJSONArray`.

`route` should start with a slash.












- - -
Generated by [godoc2md](http://godoc.org/github.com/davecheney/godoc2md)
